feat(out_loki): add compress option (#1199)
fluent/fluent-bit-docs: pipeline/outputs/loki.md

| line\_format | Format to use when flattening the record to a log line. Valid values are `json` or `key_value`. If set to `json`,  the log line sent to Loki will be the Fluent Bit record dumped as JSON. If set to `key_value`, the log line will be each item in the record concatenated together \(separated by a single space\) in the format. | json |
| auto\_kubernetes\_labels | If set to true, it will add all Kubernetes labels to the Stream labels | off |
| tenant\_id\_key | Specify the name of the key from the original record that contains the Tenant ID. The value of the key is set as `X-Scope-OrgID` of HTTP header. It is useful to set Tenant ID dynamically. ||

> | compress | Set payload compression in network transfer. Option available is 'gzip'||

Reviewer: Let's follow the standard comment in others, e.g. Opensearch output: https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/pipeline/outputs/opensearch#configuration-parameters

```suggestion
| compress | Set payload compression mechanism. The only available option is gzip. Default = "", which means no compression. ||
```

Reviewer: Assuming the default is correct

Author: Thank you for the comment. That sounds reasonable.
